Change template towards "API Repository" (#10)
camaraproject/Template_API_Repository: README.md

<a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/§repo_name§/releases/latest" title="Latest Release"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/camaraproject/§repo_name§?style=plastic"></a>

# §repo_name§
Repository to describe, develop, document, and test the §repo_name§ API within the [§Sub Project§](https://wiki.camaraproject.org/display/CAM/Sub+Projects) of CAMARA
!! Replace the link with the link to the home page of the Sub Project and delete this task
<!-- Alternative if the first repository of a new API Sub Project and/or it contains multiple APIs
"Repository to describe, develop, document, and test the APIs of the $Sub Project$ Sub Project" -->
<!-- Alternative if the repository will be used for a working group - in this case further points, e.g. the scope, of this template need to be adapted
"Repository for xxx of the $Working Group$ Working Group" -->

## Scope

* Service API “§repo_name§” (see APIBacklog.md) <!-- Alternative for multiple APIs: "Service APIs for "§repo_name§” -->
* The API provides the customer with the ability to:  
  * §Short API scope description§
* Describe, develop, document, and test the APIs
* Started: §start date§

## Release Information

> The sub project has no (pre)releases yet, work in progress is within the main branch.

Author: ```suggestion
The repository has no (pre)releases yet, work in progress is within the main branch.
```
